Game Settings
-----------------
1.Health Mode
2.Improved Combat Mode
3.Medics Mode
4.User Prompt Medics Mode
5.Extended Army Mode

Health Mode
------------
Units have health rather than just losing by fighting.
Knights have 3 health, Soldiers have 2, and Archers have 1 etc.
Each unit now deals damage based on who they have an advantage over.
If the unit has the advantage, they deal 3 damage,
if the unit has the disadvantage, they deal 1,
and if the unit has no advantage or disadvantage, they deal 2.

Improved Combat Mode
---------------------
--In the cases where a unit would win, it instead deals its damage before the other
unit is able to deal theirs. Soldiers hit Knights first, Archers hit Soldiers first, and
Knights hit Archers first.
--Knights are able to trample other units. If the Knight is fighting an Archer and
the unit behind the Archer is another Archer, then the Knight deals its damage to
both Archers.
--If an Archer is at the front of its army but not in battle, they deal their damage to
the opposing unit if they are still alive at the end of combat.

Medics Mode
------------
Money remaining after the purchasing of armies will be used to hire and outfit medics.
When a unit dies, it will be returned to the pool at the back of the army. 
Each time this happens, supplies for the medics decreases.
Once the medics have no supplies left, they will be unable to save any more units.
Medics are hired and supplied at $1 per unit. 
All money at the end of army creation is spent on Medics.

User Prompt Medics Mode
------------------------
Has same features as in medics mode.
Only difference is that user is been prompted wheather he wishes to apply medics or not.
Note: If in any situation where user is not able to make choice like in instant result mode
----  then user prompt medics will act same as medics node

Extended Army Mode
-------------------
Add two new units for the commanders to choose from:
--Siege Equipment: who win against everyone except Knights and Wizards.
                  Health : 3
                  cost: 1$
--Wizard: who can beat anything, but they can’t dodge Archer arrows.
          Health : 3
          cost: 2$